{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green31\blue34;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green77\blue204;
\red87\green96\blue106;\red0\green0\blue0;\red64\green70\blue76;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c16078\c18039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1176\c40000\c83922;
\cssrgb\c41569\c45098\c49020;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c31765\c34510\c37255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww37900\viewh18200\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Project Benson - MTA Turnstile Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Team 3 Team Members:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
James Evers\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Ozzie Liu\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Andy Sherman-Ash\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs48 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Contents\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 You can find the pdf presentation in this repository, and an in-depth analysis on my blog post on: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://elvisdavalillo.com/2019/07/06/mta-turnstiles/"}}{\fldrslt https://elvisdavalillo.com/2019/07/06/mta-turnstiles/}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Project Approach\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 Our team approached our client's project by looking at 3 particular data points to help us find the best subway stations to place street teams.\cb1 \
\cb3 We recognize that our client wants to build awareness and reach of women in technology through a summer gala open to everyone that's interested, but also those that can benefit their fundraising efforts. Of course, we want to target the most popular subway stations, but we also examine city demographic and tech company distributions for the areas that would be interested. Finally, we look at the best time of day to place the street teams.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Project Proposal:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf2 \cb3 An email from a potential client:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb3 Mike, Vinny & Julia -\cb1 \
\cb3 It was great to meet with you and chat at the event where we recently met and had a nice chat. We\'92d love to take some next steps to see if working together is something that would make sense for both parties.\cb1 \
\cb3 As we mentioned, we are interested in harnessing the power of data and analytics to optimize the effectiveness of our street team work, which is a significant portion of our fundraising efforts.\cb1 \
\cb3 WomenTechWomenYes (WTWY) has an annual gala at the beginning of the summer each year. As we are new and inclusive organization, we try to do double duty with the gala both to fill our event space with individuals passionate about increasing the participation of women in technology, and to concurrently build awareness and reach.\cb1 \
\cb3 To this end we place street teams at entrances to subway stations. The street teams collect email addresses and those who sign up are sent free tickets to our gala.\cb1 \
\cb3 Where we\'92d like to solicit your engagement is to use MTA subway data, which as I\'92m sure you know is available freely from the city, to help us optimize the placement of our street teams, such that we can gather the most signatures, ideally from those who will attend the gala and contribute to our cause.\cb1 \
\cb3 The ball is in your court now\'97do you think this is something that would be feasible for your group? From there we can explore what kind of an engagement would make sense for all of us.\cb1 \
\cb3 Best,\cb1 \
\cb3 Karrine and Dahlia\cb1 \
\cb3 WTWY International\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf2 \cb3 Project Summary:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs32 \cf6 \cb3 - Over 10 millions rows of data were cleaned and analyzed using Pandas and Numpy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 \cb3  - The stations that were in the sweet spot of high income and a high number of commuters, but that also have high traffic to increase the number of possible donors were found using an scorecard\cb3 \
- The most attractive stations to place the teams, that followed what was mentioned above are those closed to big office buildings such as Fulton Market and 23st\
- An scorecard that balanced }